;; -*- mode: emacs-lisp -*-
;; This file is loaded by Spacemacs at startup.
;; It must be stored in your home directory.

;; Variables

(setq-default
 ;; List of additional paths where to look for configuration layers.
 ;; Paths must have a trailing slash (ie. `~/.mycontribs/')
 dotspacemacs-configuration-layer-path '("~/.dotfiles/config-layers/")

 ;; List of contribution to load.
 dotspacemacs-configuration-layers '(nwolfe git clojure)

 ;; If non nil the frame is maximized when Emacs starts up (Emacs 24.4+ only)
 dotspacemacs-fullscreen-at-startup t

 ;; If non nil smooth scrolling (native-scrolling) is enabled. Smooth scrolling
 ;; overrides the default behavior of Emacs which recenters the point when
 ;; it reaches the top or bottom of the screen
 dotspacemacs-smooth-scrolling t

 ;; If non nil pressing 'jk' in insert state, ido or helm will activate the
 ;; evil leader.
 dotspacemacs-feature-toggle-leader-on-jk nil

 ;; A list of packages and/or extensions that will not be install and loaded.
 dotspacemacs-excluded-packages '()

 ;; The default package repository used if no explicit repository has been
 ;; specified with an installed package.
 ;; Not used for now.
 dotspacemacs-default-package-repository nil
 )

;; Functions

(defun dotspacemacs/init ()
  "User initialization for Spacemacs. This function is called at the very
   startup."
  ;; Enable github PRs, gists, and browse GH file in 'git' layer
  (setq-default git-enable-github-support t)
)

(defun nate/enable-dotfiles-in-shell-command ()
  "Honor .bashrc when executing a shell command (ie. M-!) so we
   can call custom functions and aliases defined in ~/.dotfiles."
  (setq shell-file-name "bash")
  (setq shell-command-switch "-ic"))

(defun nate/clean-whitespace ()
  "Remove trailing whitespace and trailing blank lines on file save."
  (let ((whitespace-style '(trailing empty)))
    (whitespace-cleanup)))

(defun dotspacemacs/config ()
  "This is were you can ultimately override default Spacemacs configuration.
   This function is called at the very end of Spacemacs initialization."
  (load-theme 'monokai t)
  (nate/enable-dotfiles-in-shell-command)
  (add-hook 'before-save-hook 'nate/clean-whitespace))

;; Custom variables
